# Guess-Game-Hex-Digit-Number
Guessing Game using Verilog 
The player pushes the center button to start the game.  Your code will generate a Pseudo random number and then scroll it across the screen very fast so the user can’t really see it for more than 1/10 of a second and it should move across the eight 7-Seg displays in the 1/10 second.  Then the user gets 4 tries to guess the first digit.  The guess is entered by raising one of the slide switches representing the number of the guess which is based on the position of the slide switch:  Thus, SW[0]  would be a guess of “0” and SW[7] would be a guess of “7” and SW[13] would be a guess of “D”.  Once the slide switch is raised, the guess is entered by pressing the bottom button.  If the player gets the first digit then each successive digit is guessed the same way.  After the guess, the board responds by flashing LED[0] if the guess is lower than the actual number and LED[15] if the guess is higher and flashing all the LED’s if the guess is correct.  The digit used as the guess is put in 7-Seg digit #7.  Then the player gets 3 more guesses each of which if wrong is also displayed in order from the Left side in 7-Seg digits #6,5,4 in order.  If none of the guesses is correct, then the lower 4, 7-Seg digits show the actual target and the upper 4 guesses stay for 3 seconds and then change to display “F000”.  Pressing the center button starts the game over with a new number to guess.  If the first digit is correctly guess in 4 tries or less, then the correct digit slides down the display and lands in the position of 7-Seg digit #3 for the first digit.  Then the rest of the guesses are erased and the player is now guessing the 2nd digit with 4 tries.  Same process is followed till the number is guessed or the player fails. Upon winning, the correct 4 digit answer should be in the right most 7-Seg display digits # 3,2,1,0 and they should flash on and off at about a 1 second rate until the center button is pushed for the start of the next game.    
